{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red69\green60\blue204;
\red9\green80\blue208;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c34510\c33725\c83922;
\cssrgb\c0\c41176\c85098;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 From: Joshua Bloom <jbloom@princeton.edu>\
Subject: Re: genetic markers for yeast segregants\
Date: July 7, 2010 at 21:43:48 EDT\
To: Yuri Pritykin <pritykin@CS.Princeton.EDU>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hi Yuri, \
\
Here it is. Sorry about the hold-up. Columns are segregant names or type of annotation. I've included the original affymetrix probe sequence in case you want to double-check the coordinates. The key is '0' =\'a0 RM allele, '1' = 'BY allele' , '2' = 'can't be determined from array/missing data'.\'a0 If you want, I'd be happy to chat with you sometime, just come by.\'a0 Also, like Leonid said, both Eric Schadt and Eric Foss (in review) have done analysis in the same vein as what you suggested. However, this is a rich data set.\
\
Josh\
\
\
On 07/07/2010 12:16 PM, Yuri Pritykin wrote:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 ok, thanks!\
\
2010/7/7 Joshua Bloom \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jbloom@princeton.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 jbloom@princeton.edu}}>\uc0\u8236 \
Just got back from vacation. Was updating genomic coordinates. Will send you what I have later today.\
\
Yuri Pritykin <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:pritykin@cs.Princeton.EDU"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 pritykin@cs.Princeton.EDU}}> wrote:\
\
>Hi Josh,\
>\
>could you please share with me the genotyping data for the yeast progeny\
>strains from a series of papers from Leonid Kruglyak's lab? If necessary, I\
>can come any time any place to clarify anything.\
>\
>Thanks,\
>Yuri\
>\
>\
>---------- Forwarded message ----------\
>From: Leonid Kruglyak <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:leonid@genomics.princeton.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 leonid@genomics.princeton.edu}}>\
>Date: 2010/6/25\
>Subject: Re: genetic markers for yeast segregants\
>To: Yuri Pritykin <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:pritykin@cs.princeton.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 pritykin@cs.princeton.edu}}>\
>Cc: Mona Singh <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mona@cs.princeton.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 mona@cs.princeton.edu}}>, Joshua Bloom <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jbloom@princeton.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 jbloom@princeton.edu}}>\
>\
>\
>Hi Yuri,\
>\
>Josh Bloom in my lab is probably the best person to help with the data. But\
>we're also interested in this type of data integration, and indeed have\
>published on this (see below), so we should probably chat more about your\
>plans. I'm away next week but back after the 4th.\
>\
>Best,\
>\
>-Leonid\
>\
>\
>Integrating large-scale functional genomic data to dissect the complexity of\
>yeast regulatory networks. <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18552845"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18552845}}>\
>\
>Zhu J, Zhang B, Smith EN, Drees B, Brem RB, Kruglyak L, Bumgarner RE, Schadt\
>EE.\
>\
>Nat Genet. 2008 Jul;40(7):854-61. Epub 2008 Jun 15.\
>On Jun 25, 2010, at 6:28 PM, Yuri Pritykin wrote:\
>\
>Dear Prof. Kruglyak,\
>\
>in "Genetic basis of proteome vatiation in yeast" (2007, Nature Genetics)\
>you use 2,591 genetic markers for which 100+ segregants of yeast strains BY\
>and RM were genotyped (in "The landscape of genetic complexity across 5,700\
>gene expression traits in yeast" (2005, PNAS) these are 2,597 markers). May\
>I ask in which form this data exists? Could you please share it with me or\
>tell who I should address the request to? Should I contact Rachel Brem for\
>that? Actually, I'm also interested in your results of QTL analysis from\
>both papers (both for expression and for protein abundance data). Who may I\
>ask for this results? Sorry if these data were already made public and I\
>missed links.\
>\
>I need it for the follwing: currently, under Mona Singh's guidance I'm\
>trying to combine the results of these experiments (expression, protein\
>abundance, and potentially genotype data as well) with PPI networks in hope\
>to observe something interesting.\
>\
>Thank you,\
>Yuri\
>\
>--\
>Yuri Pritykin\
>\
>\
>--\
>Yuri Pritykin\
\
\
\
-- \
Yuri Pritykin\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
}